Add number rows product list (#4414)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Order is no longer created when the payment was unsuccessful in the API - #4500 by @NyanKiyoshi
- Fix navigation rwd - #4511 by @benekex2
- Create general abstraction for object metadata - #4447 by @salwator

> - Add number rows product list - #4414 by @benekex2

Reviewer: I don't think it's a legit sentence

Reviewer 2: True, added suggestion for a better one.

> - Add number rows product list - #4414 by @benekex2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow selecting the number of rows displayed in dashboard's list views - #4414 by @benekex2
```
